I'm Julia Baker I swap corporate America
for the kitchen and I never look back
now I'm a chef with a chocolate company
and dessert cafes and a passion for
everything sweets stunning cakes unique
cookies decadent chocolates and desserts
and even dazzling savory dishes it's all
about making life suites
lemon curd is one of my baker basics
it's sweet and it's tangy I make it all
the time it has a multitude of uses it's
even great on its own with a spoon here
I've juiced six lemons and now I'm ready
to make my curd four eggs into a pan
every curd has an egg base it's what
gives the final curd that creamy texture
to that gonna add sugar so I don't have
any heat on right now I don't want to
make scrambled eggs let me get another
half a cup of sugar
the tankiness of those lemons I think it
balances perfectly in this recipe
sweet but tart now the zest of four
lemons you would think all of that dest
would add some real bitterness to this
curd but I added enough sugar so it's
it's gonna be the perfect flavor
combination
okay I'm adding the 2/3 cup of lemon
juice from those fresh lemons the flavor
the smell and aroma this is the kind of
tart that when you bite into it you just
feel it all over your tongue I'm adding
6 ounces of melted butter I'm gonna add
heat right now just a nice medium flame
and I'm gonna keep stirring this just
needs to come to a boil and this is the
perfect opportunity to tell you some of
the gorgeous uses for lemon curd
you know those mini raspberry tarts from
earlier well sometimes I swap out the
pastry cream and swap in the lemon curd
it is so divine with the raspberries
piled on top the bright yellow and red
it's perfect
other times I whip some heavy cream and
mix it with the curd it makes a light
and creamy mousse piled into a martini
glass topped with sprig of mint
beautiful or most simply I just spread
it on a slice of pound cake delicious I
could just go on all day about the
delicious uses for lemon curd but my
curd is now boiling so I'm gonna flip
off the heat get this strained mmm
look at that color straining is a great
way to get any little bits out of my
final curd that looks great I'm ready to
jar okay mmm here we go this amazing
lemon curd look at the shiny gloss that
was the butter and that creamy texture
from our eggs beautiful I'm just gonna
pop a lid on and get this in the
frigerator and I'm really gonna try not
to eat it all before it even has a
chance to chill